Default Panel Title:
    Wales Cottage Holidays Map Search

Default Panel Text:
    Our map search is here to make planning your getaway to Wales as easy as possible. All you have to do is click on an area from the map of Wales to the right or from the menu on the left to see all the cottages in that part of the country.



Anglesey:
    The isle of Anglesey, just off the north-west coast of Wales, is a great destination for all ages. With 125 miles of beautiful coast, stunning wildlife, scenic cycling and walking routes and some of the best water-based activities in Wales, this island truly has something for everyone.


Snowdonia:
    This area of Wales is home to Snowdonia National Park and of course, Snowdon itself, the highest mountain in Wales and England.

    Against a backdrop of stunning scenery, Snowdonia is the perfect playground for an active holiday. Mountain biking, walking, climbing Snowdon or Cadair Idris, zip-lining, underground trampolining, sailing, canyoning and white water rafting – there is so much on offer to keep your holiday here action-packed and fun-filled.


Pembrokeshire:
    For a fun-packed family holiday, you can't go wrong by choosing Pembrokeshire and West Wales as the destination for your trip. Packed with family attractions such as Oakwood Theme Park, Folly Farm, Manor House Wildlife Park, Pembrey Country Park and the Vale of Rheidol and Teifi Valley Railways, there is plenty here to make sure the family never get bored.


South Wales:
    Home to Wales' capital, Cardiff, and second city, Swansea, South Wales is great for those seeking a cosmopolitan holiday destination. Both cities boast excellent museums, great shopping and of course, fantastic sporting events. The atmosphere and deafening cheers from the crowd in the Millennium Stadium is a truly thrilling experience. And for the Whovians among us, the Dr Who Experience is the perfect day out!


Brecon Beacons:
    With rolling green hills and miles of peaceful countryside, a holiday in unspoilt Mid Wales is one where you can be sure to unwind and relax. Perfect for getting away from it all and exploring the great outdoors in breathtaking scenery, it's an ideal destination for walking, trekking, fishing and birdwatching.

    Mid Wales is home to the spectacular Elan Valley and Brecon Beacons National Park, where you can experience outdoor activities galore.


North East Wales:
    From the seaside towns of Rhyl and Prestatyn with their lovely long sandy beaches to spectacular Lake Vyrnwy, which boasts a RSPB centre, nature trails and a sculpture park, this is a truly memorable holiday destination to visit with plenty for the whole family to enjoy.
